hopefully somebody on here can help me but sorry if this isn't the right place/pls let me know if there's a better sub. my girlfriend is pretty severely mentally ill but it's been especially bad the last few days. she is diagnosed adhd, autism and depression, and definitely has c-ptsd or adjacent from childhood trauma. out of nowhere the last week it has been really really bad and only seems to get worse. she is constantly paranoid and experiences debilitating intrusive thoughts that i am cheating on her or that i'm thinking about other people, or that my friends will replace her. she knows these thoughts are unhealthy and then continues to spiral because she's very afraid of being controlling or abusive to me. she has reached a point where the feedback loop has become unbearably painful and she believes i don't love her, that i'm thinking about other people when i'm with her or when i touch her, and that i'm lying to her about everything. everything triggers her and then makes her feel worse because she feels so guilty for not trusting me. nothing i do seems to give her any relief whatsoever. i've tried to reassure her endlessly that i love her and she's very dear to me and i'll always be with her, but she's physically incapable of believing me and it feels like it only makes her feel worse. i have bpd (i manage it fairly well these days) and i've tried to help by attempting to get her out of a spiral when it happens using my own tricks, but that only makes her feel worse and like i'm berating her or i'm pushing her too hard. she feels guilty and like a failure when she cannot get out or do what i'm asking her to do. she sometimes will just shake and cry for hours with no end in sight and she feels entirely hopeless and helpless, like it will never get better. it sometimes feels like she's not even willing to get better but i know it's not that she isn't trying. it has gotten to the point that she can't talk to me or look at me, doesn't want to see me, and it's extremely painful for her to be around me because she thinks i hate her so much, despite everything i've done to try and help her.

i'm terrified. i have no idea what to do. she has been seeing a student therapist since december (?) but they're closed for a few months and we also might not be able to afford for her to continue going. i also think it doesn't always help her because she has a really hard time articulating and talking about her feelings (alexithymia), and she's not always able to talk about the things she wants/needs to. PLEASE also do not tell me to leave her or give ME any advice, it is not about me or how i feel, i am perfectly capable of handling whatever it takes and i'm willing to do anything to make it easier for her. we have been together for a long time and i love her, and i need her in my life, i'm terrified to lose her, and it's unbearable to see her in so much pain. i would love to hear from anyone who has experienced something similar or maybe has ocd/bipolar/etc and experiences severe intrusive thoughts and extreme lows like this. i guess it's also not unlike a bpd split where your opinion of the other person changes entirely and feels uncontrollable. i don't think she has any of those things but i'm open to any solution. thank you